uai
Have you ever tasted a typical Italian coffee?
that of superior aroma and taste
You do not have to go to Italy to
try cadence stainless steel coffee maker
this prepares the true Italian coffee
How much refinement is it not?
with the cadence enox coffee maker it's all
easy
that old perplexity of water
I put to get a good coffee as
of coffee powder
The coffee maker itself solves you have a
set water level for example
for 6 coffee I put it there later
to put water you put in coffee
also indicated what is necessary for 6
what coffee is that I'm going to do?
now you can make up to 12 coffee cups
no problem
so we put a lot here
easily enough to serve
coffee
will give about six spoons a
own
you can make it stronger weaker
according to your taste what goes
happens here when people
plug in
the water will rise through this rod and will
to have coffee podcast be
obeyed and you will have a tasty
scented italian caffé there just close
here and plug the machine into an outlet
now wait just to see that when the
call people
the green led lights up when the coffee is
Ready how are you gonna know?
lights up the very simple red led
It's very easy to just call and
waiting for the coffee ready 11 is
ready and in a few minutes coffee is
able to be served
You can take the base out of trouble.
and serve the coffee, do not look how it is
practical this beak that does not leave bimba
Let's go on a trip to Italy through
a cup of coffee in a show
arimba earth